9-1-1.
What's your emergency?
-Help me get her some air.
-Why don't I just punch it
in its face?
Catch all-new episodes
Wednesdays.
And check out
our other Fox programs,
Empire, Lethal Weapon,
and The X-Files.
We need your help,
even if we don't trust you.
Only on Fox.
DISPATCHER:
Sir, are you there?
Sir, can you hear me
Sir?
We've been here before.
-Before you joined us, kid.
-HEN: Chimney,
you're almost there!
Coming. Coming. Coming.
Help me out here.
All right, watch her head.
Okay. Got it.
Why would she do something
like this?
I'm sorry.
DANFORD: Whatever it was,
we could have talked about it.
I could have helped her.
I loved her.
I imagine she wasn't eager
to run into your loving arms.
We had our differences.
Clearly.
Now, my wife liked to use
this tree for target practice.
-DANFORD: I'm not gonna ask you
again.
Where were you last night?
Do not walk away from me.
Hey!
You do this to yourself.
You realize that?
What do you want to hear, honey?
Huh
That I screwed his brains out
in the car?
Will that make you feel better
for hitting me?
Why would you get a gun?
Don't take another step, Dan.
I will shoot you.
I swear I will.
Well, look at you.
All brave.
Oh, I'm not brave.
I'm just so pissed
at myself for letting you
rip me away from my life
and control me!
Pull the trigger.
Go ahead, pull the trigger.
Shoot.
Shoot, shoot, shoot! Damn it...
You want out so bad,
you're gonna have
to shoot yourself, not me.
DANFORD:
Look.
-It's still standing.
And she's not.
MAN:
I really can't explain it.
Fungus took hold,
spread like cancer.
Was she exposed
to any foreign objects?
DANFORD: She got sick
after being struck by a bullet.
MAN:
That's weird. Tree this size?
Come on.
There's nothing you can do?
MAN: Truth be told, she should
have been leveled months ago.
It's a damn shame.
A lot of good memories
with this tree.
Well, I can get you an estimate
by the end of the day.
Don't bother.
*
The bullet she fired at him...
Did it fly out of the tree
when he blew it up?
Karma's a bitch.
*
So I want to thank everybody
for donating today.
I don't know
if you know this or not,
but 90% of all the blood
given to patients
in the Los Angeles area
comes from volunteers.
I know that we all
put our asses on the line
in the field every day
to save people,
but today, you're saving people,
and all it's taking is
a tiny prick of a needle.
So simple, even Mr. Buckley
can't mess that up.
How'd you do? -Incredible.
Everyone donated. Some people
even came in on their day off.
That's great. All right,
well, let's wrap it up.
-We got to start our shift.
-Uh, hold up.
Looks here
like I am two pints shy
of my goal for the day.
Well, that'll give you something
to work towards next time.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're
the captain of this house,
and you're the only one
who didn't participate.
I don't like needles,
end of story.
Oh, come on.
Captain, come on.
You got to donate.
I don't give blood.
All right? I never give blood.
When I was a kid,
they tried to take my blood,
and I bit the doctor.
-It's not funny.
And the one time someone tried
to take my blood as an adult...
...didn't go well.
Bobby? Bobby, hold...
Wait. Hold on. Hold on.
All right, listen, I get it.
I really do, okay?
But I really need you
to do this for me, all right?
Look...
I'm alive because that rebar hit
my head at just the right angle,
and because I had the best damn
fire and rescue team
to get me to the hospital
and the best surgeons
in the world once I got there.
But I got ten pints of blood,
donated blood,
given by the very generous
people of this city.
Now, I told you, I just...
I wanted to do this blood drive
'cause I wanted to give
a little something back
of what I was given.
And expressing my gratitude
like this--
it balances me out
with the universe.
Now, you and everybody else here
asked me how they could help
with my recovery.
Well, this is how.
-I hate all of you.
-Thank you. Thank you.
-You love us.
-Here, you're gonna need this.
-Just squeeze it. -CHIMNEY:
All right, let's stick him!
All right, let's get it.
Hey. All right,
get in there. Get in there.
-There you go.
Mwah.
-Hey.
I am proud of us.
What we're trying
to do here-- I tell you.
And what is it exactly
we trying to do?
Because I keep forgetting.
Well, be a family,
for better or worse.
Adapt to our circumstance.
You know, everyone says that
they put their kids first,
but we are actually doing it.
I want to take the kids out
this weekend.
-Yeah.
Please. We've already
taken them to your mother's.
Athena, I've been seeing
Glenn now for some time,
and I want the kids to meet him.
I-I want you to meet him.
Absolutely not.
They say you should wait a year
before you introduce
your kids to someone,
and that's under
the best of circumstances.
What, you think they're ready
to see you sitting at dinner
holding hands with another man?
Well, they need
to see me for who I am.
Says who? Look, I know you're
ready to come out and change
your whole world,
but the rest of us aren't.
God, it's not like
he's moving in.
You know, I just thought
that if we all go out
for ice cream
and maybe have a conversation...
And then what? Is he coming over
for Sunday dinner?
Opening presents
under the Christmas tree?
-He's a stranger to us.
-So I guess you want
to have a background check
before he's around the kids?
Couldn't hurt.
I met him
on the Wilshire project.
He's a contractor.
Went to USC. He's decent.
Barely drinks.
Doesn't smoke, no drugs.
And I am hoping
that's he's not a stranger
for long.
We agreed that
this family would change shape,
and that we would work together
to mold it into something
that works for all of us.
I'm trying to move forward,
Athena.
Move with me.
Then stop moving so fast.
Okay, so I came in early
to turn in my keys
and-and pick up my paycheck.
He actually fired me yesterday.
It's a whole story.
Anyway, I, um...
I smelled something burning.
We all kept trying to tell him
to get it fixed.
Oh, my God.
I didn't think to do that.
-I don't know. He's the owner,
so sometimes he comes in before
we even open, so two hours,
-What do you
think, Chim
Worse. I think he's alive.
Why the hell
didn't he just get out?
-Might have had a stroke.
-He's 32.
We need to know. -I don't know.
32, may have had a stoke; drugs
could be an underlying cause.
-He was stacking.
He's in V-tach!
Starting compressions.
CHIMNEY:
No. He's gone.
-Oh, my God.
-Whoa, whoa. Easy.
It's just too freaky. I mean,
after what happened with Mindy.
I told him. I said, "Barry,
what goes around comes around."
Who's Mindy?
(rock music playing
over truck stereo)
-Barry. Hey.
-You can't leave Mindy in there.
No, I won't be long.
I'm just doing chest.
-She's fine. I cracked the
window. -Barry, it's not enough.
Why did you even bring her? Why
didn't you just leave her home?
'Cause you know
how hyper she gets.
She barks all day.
The neighbors have complained.
-I'm not supposed to have a dog.
-Barry, she is gonna bake.
It's 70 degrees out.
PETA says on a 70 degree day,
temperatures inside a parked car
-can reach a hundred.
-Carrie, she's fine.
-She's got water. -Barry,
dogs can die from heatstroke.
And she's not your dog. You're
supposed to be behind the desk.
* I always cross the line
* Tightened our belts
* Abuse ourselves
* Get in our way...
Carrie.
What are you doing?
The tanning bed's
fritzing again.
The timer's stuck.
No. I told you there's
nothing wrong with it.
You just got to jiggle it.
Oh.
* What comes around
goes around. *
No, no, no.
What the hell did you do?!
I saved your dog.
Here. You're welcome.
You know what?
You come pick up your final
paycheck tomorrow morning.
You're fired!
-Yep. Karma's a bi...
-Please, don't.
This is Bobby.
I-I don't understand
why you can't just tell...
-Okay, thanks.
That was Cedars.
Is someone sick?
The blood I donated--
they sent it to a lab
and had it tested, so...
Well, it's the first time you
donated; they have to do that
before they release it
to the blood supply.
They found something in it.
What do you mean,
"found something"?
They wouldn't tell me
over the phone.
They said they'd rather do it
in person.
BOBBY: I got to show you
something, Father.
I haven't shared this
with anyone else.
Your prayer book?
I guess it is my prayer book
in a way.
A list of names.
62, so far.
62 of 148.
One hundred and forty-eight.
The number of people who died
because of me.
These 62 names, these are people
whose lives you've saved.
Yeah.
This job, it's the only way I
know how to balance the ledger.
Not that I can ever
really do that.
But 148 lives,
I owe at least that much.
And then I can go.
Bobby, you're aware of the
Church's position on suicide.
-You're against it. -It would
cost you your eternal soul.
-I believe in God's justice.
How about his sense of humor?
There's something in my blood.
Something unusual.
The doctor wouldn't tell me
over the phone.
-He wants to break it to me
in person. -I'm sorry.
So I guess the irony is,
I may not live long enough
to make it to 148,
and that scares the hell
out of me.
Because that is your penance.
And I don't know if my soul will
ever be able to rest in peace
if it goes unpaid.
("Instant Karma"
by John Lennon playing)
* Instant karma's
gonna get you *
* Gonna knock you
right in the head *
* You better get yourself
together *
* Pretty soon
you're gonna be dead *
* What in the world
you thinking of? *
* Laughing in the face of love
* What on earth
you trying to do? *
* It's up to you *
* Yeah, you
* Instant karma's
gonna get you *
* Gonna look you
right in the face *
* Better get yourself together,
darlin' *
* Join the human race
* How in the world
you gonna see? *
* Laughing at fools like me
* Who in the hell
do you think you are? *
* A superstar?
* Well, right, you are
* Well, we all shine on
* Like the moon and the stars
and the sun. *
Ow!
I hope nothing was breakable
in your package.
I don't know.
I'm sure it's fine.
Not that you couldn't return it,
but the hassle, you know.
Just get me to the hospital.
Why aren't we leaving?
We're just not sure if you have
a spinal cord injury,
-and so we're trying to
stabilize you. -I told you,
I can feel my legs.
I can feel it too much.
It hurts!
The cops don't need to be here.
I'm fine.
I-I don't want to go
to the hospital.
You guys find I.D. on her?
Uh...
This must have fallen out of
her pocket. Who called you?
One of the neighbors.
Are you trying
to suggest that I'm...
There are days when I'd actually
enjoy whatever tall tale
you're on the cusp
of spitting my way.
Where I'd be entertained
letting you think
that you're smarter than me,
even if only for a minute.
But today is nowhere close
to being one of them.
I'm the victim here.
-I have to get to the hospital.
-Oh, you'll get there.
-They'll fix your busted hip.
-Femur, actually.
And then you'll be charged
with grand theft.
-Trespassing, too.
Oh.
Your car is still running.
Your driver's license says
you live in Van Nuys.
Now, I know you're in agony.
You want them to fix that femur
in a timely fashion?
You cut the crap and confirm
what I already know.
I don't keep anything.
I just like taking 'em.
I'm supposed to go to a rehab
in Arizona,
but they won't take
my insurance.
(indistinct
police radio chatter)
Let me guess, if that bee
in your bonnet had a name,
it'd be Michael.
The guy he's seeing, he wants
to start bringing him around,
to get to know the kids,
and I guess me.
Well, maybe that might be worth
giving him a chance.
-Hell no. -It might take away
a little of the pressure.
Athena, look,
I'm just saying this.
Maybe this guy is not all bad.
Michael has a okay
track record picking 'em.
I wouldn't care if he's dating
the Dalai Lama.
I know.
Michael being with somebody else
is a hard thing.
What's hard is that somehow
we done decided
that's what's best for the kids
is that we stay together
and try to play
happy, modern family.
All that means to me
is that Michael gets to keep
having the cake of living
in my house and eating it, too,
coming and going as he pleases.
As far as I can see,
the only one doing
any heavy emotional
lifting here is me.
I'm the one who has to keep
pushing my feelings
to the side every day.
You got bigger problems
than Glenn, Athena.
Kids love their daddies,
but they follow
their mother's lead.
No matter how good Michael is
with those kids,
if you hate him...
they're gonna hate their daddy.
I know, relationship problems
is going around, trust me.
-You don't even want to know.
Guys, you think we can
hit the road, please?
She's second-guessing everything
I'm doing in here.
It's kind of hurting
my feelings.
I'll call you later.
All right.
BOBBY: You don't have to
be here with me, you know.
Yeah, well,
this is all only happening
because I'm the one who made you
get your blood drawn.
I feel obligated.
Listen, I'm here for you,
-no matter what that doctor has
to say, right
-Mr. Nash.
-Yeah.
Thank you for coming in
so quickly.
There are some findings
in your blood work
that are time sensitive.
He's good.
You can speak freely
and directly.
No need to sugarcoat.
Please.
Have you ever heard
of rhesus disease?
Uh, no. How bad is it?
It's terrible.
Fatal in most cases.
But you don't have it.
It only effects pregnant women
and their fetuses.
I'm-I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
There are some 4,000 cases
of rhesus
in newborns each year.
You are almost
an identical match
to a man in Australia
named James Harrison.
For decades, his donated blood
saved the lives
of more than
two million children.
They call him the man
with the golden arm.
Now, it seems you have one, too.
If you would fill this out.
We would love to get you
into our rare donor's program
as soon as possible.
We could set up
regular donations.
There are babies at this
very moment who need you.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Well, dude, I guess
you're gonna have to get over
your fear of needles, huh?
We can't see the tigers,
Uncle Sean.
They're hiding behind the tree.
All right, all right, all right.
Hang on.
Okay.
-SEAN: There we go.
-ADAM: Direct hit.
Hang on. I'll get him moving.
-Did-did you just throw
something
-You're not supposed to taunt
the animals. -We're not.
My-my nephew's just trying
to get a picture, that's all.
-Oh, uh...
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the one I want.
SEAN:
Uh, come on.
I got to take a leak.
Let's go. Go.
Hey! Hey, what happened?
Hey!
What happened?!
Boys?!
ABBY:
911. What's your emergency?
-He's, uh...
he's just staring at me.
He won't take his eyes off me.
It's-it's like he's...
It's like he's studying me.
Th-This isn't good.
Zoo security's been alerted.
They're on their way to you now.
Now's not gonna be
soon enough, okay?
I've been on safari. I know
how fast these things can move.
Sean, I'm being
told your best course
is to remain very still.
Sean, tell me what's happening.
-Oh, God!
I made it! I'm in the, uh...
the-the flamingo thing.
Tell the zoo security I'm in
the flamingo thing, all right?
-Oh, crap.
-East side of the park.
Nowhere near where we're going.
He's got a visitor pinned.
Shoot team's en route now.
You're gonna shoot him?
That's just not right.
Protocol is to tranquilize
first, if at all possible.
How did the tiger escape
in the first place?
CARL: Apparently, he was able
to jump to the top of the wall
-and gain enough leverage to
pull himself out.
Tiger's trainer tried to
wrangle him after he got loose.
This ain't pretty.
It's, uh...
it's called degloving.
The-the cat actually peels
the skin back with his claws.
-Hen, saline.
Sir, we have to disinfect
this wound.
-How come it didn't
just kill you
I've known Kobe
since he was a cub.
He didn't want to hurt me.
He was just...
He was just confused.
Okay, if we're real careful,
we can preserve the skin.
A little plastic surgery,
you're gonna be good as new.
ABBY : All units
responding to Barnsdale Zoo.
I have an adult male in
distress, east side of the park.
He identified himself
as Sean Coopertino, 47,
of Riverside.
Says he's hiding
near the giraffe enclosure.
Show 727-L-30 responding.
Can't be the same guy, can it?
That'll just be too weird.
Same guy as what?
Sean Coopertino.
The dentist from Riverside.
Dr. Coopertino, how much did
you pay the illegal poachers?
You knew the area
was a protected reserve.
Were you aware
that Ellie was being tracked
and studied
by the University of Oxford?
I had no idea it was
a protected reserve.
It was a legal hunting trip.
Now leave me alone.
Cancel all my appointments.
Get my lawyer on the phone.
("You Oughta Know"
by Alanis Morissette playing)
Oh.
*
* Oh-oh, oh-oh
-* Oh-oh
-ABBY: Sean.
-* You, you, you oughta know.
Oh, God. Sean.
SEAN:
Yeah. Yeah, I'm here.
Stay where you are.
Security has your GPS location.
-They're on their way
to you now. -Yeah, okay.
I, uh... I don't see it anymore.
I-I think I outsmarted it.
*
SHARPSHOOTER:
I got the tiger.
I don't see him. Do you?
I think I see him
hiding back there.
ATHENA:
I'm not so sure he's hiding.
Tranq him.
(indistinct
police radio chatter)
-SHARPSHOOTER: Yeah, he's down.
HEN:
That's a beautiful animal.
Chances are he's gonna have
to be put down after this.
Maybe not.
Guess who he had for lunch.
Hmm?
That's that idiot
that killed Ellie the Lion.
-Mm-hmm.
I think public sentiment
is gonna be with the kitty.
You know what karma is.
-A bitch.
-No.
She's a wild animal,
and she won't be caged.
-Hey. It's too quiet up in here.
Your dad's waiting on you
downstairs with the Pictionary.
Are you on your way out to work?
Yeah, in a little while.
Are you guys having a hard time
being with your dad?
No. That's your problem.
Uh, you know, what's going on
with your dad and me
is complicated.
What he's doing is...
is brave,
and all of us
need to support him.
Your dad and I are trying
to keep this family together.
Why?
How is all of us being here,
living with you and Dad
mad at each other,
helping our family?
Dad being gay was hard at first,
but we love Dad.
That's not the problem.
So what is?
Making us fake it every day.
And for what?
So you two can pretend
that you didn't mess up
by marrying each other?
We prefer honesty.
Isn't that what
you always taught us?
Hey, Bobby!
So, that guy in Australia,
you know,
the one with
the same blood makeup as you,
says here, in 1999,
he was awarded
the Medal
of the Order of Australia
for saving those kids.
And what would be
our equivalent?
It's got to be the Presidential
Medal of Freedom, right?
We should, like, totally put you
up for one of those, you know?
-I mean, like, at some point.
-I gave some blood, Chim.
It doesn't merit a medal.
All right?
-Let's just drop it.
It's the Presidential Medal
of...
All right.
You want to tell me
what's chafing you?
Look, I get it.
You don't like needles.
But you're a lifesaver;
that's what you do.
You're a hero, man.
And somebody just told you
you have
the opportunity
to save thousands,
maybe millions of kids.
They're the wrong kids!
I want my kids!
Yeah, I'm some lifesaver,
aren't I?
That's what I was put
on this Earth to do,
but I couldn't save my family.
Couldn't protect them from me.
A hundred and forty-eight.
That's the number of lives
that I owe
for the mistakes that I made.
And once I pay that debt,
I get to be with them again.
And I was halfway there, Chim.
I was halfway there.
I was going to see my kids
again. That was the deal.
Deal with who, Bobby?
The deal I made with God.
I don't think it's God
you made a deal with, Cap...
And I got that phone call
about my blood test,
and I thought,
"Here we go. Here it is.
Here's my punishment: cancer."
And for all the prayers
I sent up there,
so I could live long enough...
You're not talking about
killing yourself, are you?
Yeah.
I want out.
I want to see my kids again.
And I want this pain to end,
but it's not gonna end.
It's never gonna end.
'Cause God's not punishing me
by killing me.
He's punishing me
by forcing me to stay alive.
Wait, wait, Bobby. Bobby.
ATHENA:
Mm.
Something wrong with that cola?
Hey. Nah.
I keep a cooler in the truck
for washing blood
away from the scenes
once we're done with them.
Cola is the only thing
that really works.
It's not in the job description,
but I feel like
it's the right thing to do.
Victim was D.O.A., by the way.
Victim and suspect.
Guy robs the joint, and then
gets hit by a dump truck
a few feet from the store.
-Hey, what was that thing
you wanted to talk to me about?
Athena...
I messed up big-time.
Work or personal?
-Personal.
-Hmm.
Money or sex?
:
Sex.
I slept with Eva.
The hell?
I thought
your ex was still in prison.
Paroled, a few weeks ago.
I don't know what came over me.
It was, it was the night
of that full moon.
I haven't been able to look
Karen in the eye since then.
-Well, you got to tell her.
I'm never gonna do it again.
It was a mistake.
If anything, it just reminded me
that I want to be with my wife.
I told you, I don't want
to screw this relationship up.
Your relationship
is screwed up already.
You don't cheat
on a healthy relationship.
What you did is just evidence
of how bad it is.
Now, your telling Karen
is your chance at fixing it.
It's only when secrets
are revealed that we know
how good or bad a marriage is.
Now, trust me...
I know.
Sometimes you got to...
wreck it in order to save it.
There's a lot of love
between the two of you.
-Thanks, Athena.
-Mmm.
And let me know how it goes.
Thanks for the cola.
Huh?
Oh. Hi, baby.
What time is it?
Half past 11:00.
-Mm.
-We need to talk.
This is the hardest thing
I've...
I've ever done, but I need to...
do it now
while I still love you.
Okay. What is this?
The name and number
of my divorce attorney.
Oh, no, Athena. No.
Whoever you get should call him.
-Athena.
-I love you.
:
You're my man,
the father of my children,
my best friend.
This family... is changing.
It is what it is.
But us staying together
like this, living in this house,
holding on
to some picture of what was...
:
...it's making me hate you.
If we don't really move on,
that hate is gonna be
the only thing I feel
when I think about you.
Well, what about the kids?
I spoke to them.
This is what they want and need.
Ah.
I'm sorry, Athena.
I'm so sorry for hurting you.
I am.
I will never regret
marrying you.
I would do it all over again,
everything.
And to have those children
and you as a friend,
I would suffer all of it
a million times.
*
You're late.
I'm sorry. I was, I was...
just driving around.
I needed to, um...
to get my mind right.
About Eva?
She's suing for custody.
That's impossible.
Our-our lawyers said that...
According to her,
we have an unstable home that's
unsuitable to raise a child.
And she's saying
the proof of this unstable home
is that you slept with her.
Listen, baby, I-I'm sorry.
Let me just, let me,
let me just, let me explain.
I'm gonna go pack some things.
-I'm taking Denny to
my parents'. -Let me just ex...
You put our family at risk.
I don't know what it is
that you went there looking for,
but I hope you got it.
And I hope it was worth it.
Oh, no, I didn't order this.
From the gentleman.
Oh.
Um...
Oh, God.
*
-I'm Aaron.
Um, Athena.
I hope you don't mind me
sending that over.
Oh, well, no. I just...
:
I just didn't realize
that people still did this.
Sending drinks over
to break the ice?
I'm pretty sure
they haven't stopped doing that.
So how long have you been out
of all of this?
Um... it's-it's been a while.
-Recently separated.
-Mm-hmm.
-Two days.
We've been working our way
towards it for a while now.
I mean, no hard feelings.
He's, um... he's at home
with our kids,
so I-I decided to, you know,
just get out the house.
Went to a movie...
and then I got thirsty.
-I just didn't feel like
drinking alone. -Mm.
I highly doubt
that you being alone
is anything
you ever have a problem with.
Ooh. Well, aren't you
Mr. Smooth?
I would've guessed
that was your middle name.
No, no. It's, uh, Chester.
For real?
Oh, your parents
hated you right away.
What's your full name?
Aaron Chester Brooks.
Mm. Date of birth?
April 18, 1980.
What are you typing?
Well, I'm a cop.
Sending it to one of my friends
at the station,
run a check on you.
-Mm-hmm.
If we're gonna spend the night
talking and drinking,
I want to know I'm not wasting
my time with a bad egg.
-We can toast to that.
Hey, Chimney?
What's going on?
You all right?
Uh... come on.
I want to show you something.
Come on.
MAN:
Her name's Asha.
-She's our first.
-Uh, this is Steven.
I told him
I was bringing you by,
-and he begged me
to let him talk to you. -Bobby.
We never thought
we would get to meet her.
Instead, she's starting
out life healthy
-and disease-free.
That's because of you.
That's your blood
they rushed over here.
-Thank you.
-* You got the will of a wild
* A wild bird...
Take care.
CHIMNEY: Now you tell me
that's the wrong kid.
Look, you're gonna see
your own kids again.
I do believe that.
But right now,
Asha and a thousand others
just like her--
they're your kids, too.
That's your blood
in their veins.
So you look at her, you look
at her and those young parents,
and you tell me
if that feels like a punishment.
No, Chim.
It's a blessing.
Exactly.
I think you better either
throw that book of yours away
or get yourself a bigger one,
'cause it seems to me
like you're here to stay.
Looks that way.
And just think, you'll only
have to give blood once.
-Every eight weeks.
-For the rest of your life.
-Oh, God.
Could you explain to me again
how God's not punishing me?
-Oh, he's just teasing you.
-Yeah.
* You got some kind...
Considering who I work with, he
must figure I can take a joke.
* You got some kind
* You got some kind of love
* You got some kind of love.
You've answered the call
on 9-1-1.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
The Assassination
of Gianni Versace.
All new,
Wednesdays at 10:00 on FX.
Every day we encounter people
who are having the worst day
of their entire lives.
This is a family.
We work side-by-side.
-Hustle up.
You know, I love this job
'cause I get to help people.
ANNOUNCER: 9-1-1.
Wednesdays
at 9:00/8:00 Central on Fox.